Our Sun Jewel, the Jewel Planet.
You will find
what you are looking for there.
We've got our destination!
-[Shiki] Let's go!
-[all] Yeah!
[mysterious music playing]
[munching]
[groan]
[thrilling music builds]
Of all the planets for Valkyrie to go to,
I wonder why she chose Sun Jewel.
[Rebecca] What kind of planet is it?
[Witch] Sun Jewel is the mining planet,
home to a wide variety of valuable metals.
But only a few ever discover them.
As a result, the people of Sun Jewel
suffer from quite a large wealth gap.
-And it's damn far.
-[Mosco] Mm-hmm.
-I see you back there!
-[trembling] Moscoy!
I see.
If teacher really is on that planet…
Then we're going!
The next stop on the Edens Zero
is Sun Jewel!
At last the Four Shining Stars
will be reunited.
That would let us leave
the Sakura Cosmos, right?
Uh-huh!
I can't imagine what it's like out there.
[whirring]
Sure brings back memories. Right, Hermit?
Not really.
That means we are
one step closer to Mother!
Yeah!
[chuckles] Let's do this.
[Shiki] Let's go!
["FOREVER" by L'ArcenCiel playing]
FROM THE PLANET OF ETERNITY
[Homura] What?
Why is it going to take three days
to get to Sun Jewel?
[Witch] Unfortunately, for safety reasons,
we have to take a detour route
around the debris belt.
[Shiki] Debris?
[Witch]
Basically, space garbage.
A single fragment
could cause a catastrophe
if it were to hit the ship.
And there are countless pieces
scattered along the way.
Why can't we just Fast Travel instead?
You know, like warp there?
Fast Travel is also
how we got to Guilst so quickly.
Hmm. It's a pain, but we can only use it
to go somewhere we've been before.
Mos inconvenient!
Huh? Wait a second.
Haven't you been outside the Sakura Cosmos
with the Edens Zero before?
That means we should be able
to go to outer space
without going through Dragonfall!
-[Witch] Not quite.
-[Shiki] Hmm?
[Hermit] Since our last time there,
the outer space Fast Travel lists
have all been deleted.
[Pino] Why is that?
I don't know what Ziggy was thinking,
but he never did anything
without a good reason behind it.
I bet Grandpa wanted us to have
our own outer space adventure without 'em!
That's an optimistic outlook.
[Witch] As we should expect
of the Demon King,
but if we are to pave our own path,
then we must find Valkyrie soon.
Teacher, I'll be by your side soon enough.
I'm excited too.
Huh?
Whoa, look over there!
Hmm?
[music builds]
[gasps]
[grand, hopeful music soars]
[Shiki] Awesome!
So many fish!
They're huge!
And pretty!
[Witch]
These fish drifted from the Aoi Cosmos.
[Homura] Aoi Cosmos?
It's one of the nearby outer spaces.
Outer space is crazy!
So many juicy fish!
Somebody pinch me, I must be dreaming!
That'll pass.
What the hell?
[Sister] There's something out there
besides those big ass fish.
[all] Huh?
Hmm?
[gasps]
Huh?!
[bluesy music playing]
Wait, what?!
Why is there just an old dude
floating in space like that?
[inaudible]
[Weisz] He just looked at me!
[Rebecca] I think he's trying
to say something to us.
[Witch] Opening audio channel.
[all] Huh?
[inaudible]
[all] Uh…
Somebody please help me.
[gasps]
[Connor]
You have my thanks, whippersnappers.
You can address me as Captain Connor.
And as you can see,
I am captain of this ship.
Captain of what ship?
It appears you're only holding
the helm of a ship.
Ah, yes.
Unfortunately, the rest of my ship
was lost in an accident
and this is all that remained.
And as a captain, it was my duty
to hang on to the helm to the bitter end.
Before I knew it,
I found myself in space,
surrounded by weird fish.
I'm surprised you survived, grandpa.
I insist you call me "Captain."
I'm afraid I'll have to pass, gramps.
[stomach growling]
Hmm?
I hate to impose like this,
but after floating
around space for so long,
I could go for some yummies right now.
[Shiki] Uh… I think we have hamburgers.
-[Connor munching]
-[gasp]
Uh…
[munching]
[Connor] The Sakura Cosmos?
I see!
It… seems I must have…
[munching] drifted…
into… [munching] a different cosmos
after the shipwreck.
[munching]
Gotta pick one.
You're gonna talk or eat, old man.
[while eating] You mean…
you're from… a different cosmos?
[Weisz] Stop that!
[gulping]
That's right, dear.
I'm originally from the Aoi Cosmos.
You must have drifted all the way
to the Sakura Cosmos with the fish!
Like a jellyfish lost at sea?
What have I done…?
A different cosmos! That's sick!
Hmm. I feel much better now.
Allow me to thank you.
If you don't mind, I would like to speak
with the ship's captain, face to face.
Demon King Shiki here is captain.
Howdy!
Hmm!
Oh my!
A motley crew consisting of women,
children, and dainty androids?
I didn't know the ship employment culture
was so different in this cosmos.
Very well.
Then I humbly accept all duties and
responsibilities of captain of this ship.
[Rebecca and Shiki] Nah, we're good.
IMMEDIATELY DISMISSED
[birds chirping]
[snoring]
[snoring loudly]
Just kill me.
Who would've thought we'd pick up
the most annoying hitchhiker in space?
Mos-Moscoy.
We must respect the Demon King's
decision to keep him.
Come on, we can't just
kick him off the ship like that.
Let's give him a ride until
he figures out where he wants to go.
[sighs]
I'm not a fan of having
a total stranger on the ship like this.
Me neither.
-I don't trust him, if we're being honest.
-No need to worry.
[Witch] I'll be keeping an eye on him.
[Rebecca sighs]
I can't really get a read on that old guy.
[grunting] Jellyfish man.
He didn't strike me
as a shifty person, but it is weird.
-[Homura straining]
-The Aoi Cosmos.
I wonder what kind of place it is.
I've never left the Sakura Cosmos either
so I don't have the faintest clue.
Why is it so unbearably hot?
[Connor]
The Aoi has many beautiful planets.
-And beautiful women.
-Huh?
-[Connor] Oh, but…
…the women of the Sakura Cosmos
are pretty, too.
My apologies. I'm not trying
to woo you over. [laughs]
[screams]
Ha. I must say,
mixed bathing is quite nice though.
-[groans]
-This ain't a mixed bath, creeper!
[groans]
[screams]
[grunts]
Yes. I reckon this outfit
suits me quite nicely.
[Weisz] Who the hell said
you could wear that?!
-Mos… coy.
-[Connor] Very well.
-I'll give it a little push.
-[moaning]
What's it say right there?!
F*** you!
Fax you too!
Close. But it's f*** you. F*** you!
[Hermit] Please don't teach her
how to say bad words…
Of course. I had a similar experience.
When you run out of toilet paper,
there's only one option.
You're the first guy I've met
who gets it, mister!
-[Connor] Please, call me "Captain."
-Aye aye, Captain!
[Rebecca]
Why are you getting along with him?
[sighs]
I've never met anyone so exhausting ever.
This guy can't just do
whatever he wants here.
-[trembling]
-One more thing and I'm gonna snap.
Uh…
Then, you should say,
"F*** you" in that situation.
Yeah, maybe don't say that word.
Shiki, what do we do?
What do you mean?
We don't have to do anything.
He's actually pretty cool.
-[alarm blaring]
-[gasps]
What did that senile idiot do this time?!
Break the ship?!
There is an intruder in the pilothouse.
-[gasp]
-[Homura] Pilothouse?
[Weisz] You mean that geezer went and
steered the ship 'cause he felt like it?!
-[crack]
-[gasps]
Very well.
It appears our guest needs to be taught
the rules of etiquette on this ship.
[footsteps running]
[panting]
[door slides open]
Listen here, old man!
You know you can't be here!
You are to call me "Captain."
[grunts] Hey, asshat!
I heard from the demon lad
where you all are headed.
The flight path you're on would take you
three days in order to reach Sun Jewel.
-[all grunt]
-[Connor] I can get you there in one.
[all] Huh?
[Connor] In fact, I already have.
-Huh?
-What?
-[grunts]
-[gasps]
[dramatic orchestral music playing]
What? But how?
Is this a trick?
This ship has impressive capabilities.
So I suppose it's only natural
for the performance to increase
when you add
a magnificent captain to the mix.
No, it's impossible.
No matter how much faster you go.
I'll bet you didn't know
there was a shortcut.
[gasps]
Are you saying you went straight
through the debris belt?
I knew you were awesome, Captain!
Yeah, I'm actually impressed!
[gasps]
This is the planet
where we will find Teacher.
[Connor] Well, I think
I'll take a much deserved rest.
[Witch] Hold on a second.
Enough games. Who are you?
I told you. I'm the Captain.
[dramatic orchestral music continues]
[Connor] Is this a coincidence?
Or is it simply fate?
To think I'd arrive here,
after being captain of the Edens One.
JEWEL PLANET SUN JEWEL
Shiki! Over here!
Find something?
-[Shiki] Whoa! It's so gold and shiny!
-[Pino] Apparently, we are now walking
through the wealthiest district
known as Gold Palace.
[Happy] Check out those clothes!
Everyone looks like they're loaded here!
Yo!
-[Shiki] Are you guys filthy rich?
-Who the heck are you?
Would you please stop embarrassing me?!
[groans]
-Hey Pino, where's Weisz?
-Hmm.
Last I saw him…
I just need a little more time and
this new weapon will be ready for action.
I still don't see
why I have to be the one to help you.
Because originally I had planned
for this weapon  to take three days,
since it was gonna take us
that long to get to Sun Jewel.
But the old man had to go
and take some weird shortcut.
[babbles]
[both babble]
[Hermit] For the last time,
you seriously need to stop that.
Call it a gut feeling
but I don't trust this geezer.
If I don't stay behind,
it's just the girls and Mosco
and that's not exactly safe.
[Weisz] I'll contact you
when the weapon is done.
[Pino] So that is what Weisz is doing.
I'm surprised he's so worried about them.
That's kind of sweet.
[Happy] Yeah.
[sighs]
Teacher is somewhere
on this golden planet.
[gasps]
[indistinct chatter]
What is this place?
[giggles]
A casino for VIPs only.
[Happy] I checked
and this planet's Star Navi told me
this casino was where you should go
if you want to dig up some intel.
[Shiki]
But, why are you dressed like that?
Well, I figured a fancy place like this
has got to have a dress code.
[Happy] She's just trying to get some
shameless views. You know how it is.
We should split up and gather information.
Agreed.
[inhales]
I'm looking for my teacher named Valkyrie!
Does anyone here know where she is?!
Please allow me
to gather all your information!
[indistinct murmuring]
[giggles, embarrassed]
Good initiative, but yelling
might not be very efficient.
Hmm… Understood.
[grunts]
I'm so sorry for yelling,
but does anyone know--!
Homura, stop!
-Hmm?
-[grunts]
Look, I understand how you feel,
but we can't draw this kind of attention.
She's been missing for years, hasn't she?
For all we know,
Valkyrie might be in some kind of trouble.
Oh, right…. I'm sorry.
[Rebecca] It's okay! Just try your best
not to cause a scene or anything.
Let's split up and do a little recon.
[Homura] Got it. I'll do my best.
[gunfire]
Huh?
[ominous music playing]
[music sting]
[robber 1] Everybody get down
on the ground and do what I say
and no one gets hurt!
[panicked screams]
Who are they?
Keep those hands up and heads down!
-And nobody cry for help!
-[gunfire]
A robbery?
Of course the place gets held up
the minute we arrive!
Huh?
[tense music playing]
[robber 1] Hey, brat. Didn't you hear me?
I said, "Get on the ground."
Shiki, you're gonna get all of us shot!
Get down!
Your head is massive!
It's a mask!
-[Shiki] Wait a second.
-[crackling]
You're bad guys, aren't you?
[blast]
[groan]
Magimech Attack!
[scared gasp]
[thud]
[Shiki] Gravity Fist!
[glass shatters]
[groans]
[robber 2] You little brat!
[rapid gunfire]
[grunts]
What?
Take this!
-What the hell?!
-He's running along the walls!
[grunts]
[slash]
[groans]
[grunts]
[thudding]
[groans]
[grunt]
Unbelievable!
Thank goodness they're here!
Wow! I forget how strong
those two really are.
[Happy] Right?
[grunts]
[giggles]
-[crowd cheering]
-You saved us!
Thank you, kids!
[Homura] I am looking
for my teacher, Valkyrie.
Do you have any information on her?
[confused groan]
[Shiki] You're asking the guys
who tried to rob us?
[blast]
[both gasp]
[gasps]
A light?
[female voice] Crime on our planet
will not go unpunished.
That voice has got to be Madame Kurenai!
I wonder what she'll do!
Madame Kurenai?
There's no way she found us!
We did all that prep to avoid her!
We really went through
all that trouble for nothing?!
Wait a second. Don't tell me that
little brat destroyed the satellite jammer
when he punched us earlier?!
[robber 1] No way!
[robber 2] I don't want to die!
[Madame Kurenai] Sinners will be punished.
There is no salvation.
[scared cry]
We'll never do this again!
[robber 1] Please forgive us!
I'm begging you, Madame Kurenai!
[cheering]
[loud thud]
[gasps]
[Shiki] Huh?
Where the heck did  those guys go?
They're just stains.
They disappeared!
No signs of life detected.
They were executed?
[somber music playing]
[gulps]
[crowd cheering]
Thank you for saving us, Madame Kurenai!
Criminals can't catch a break with you!
[woman]
We're the safest planet in the universe!
[man] You were brave, young man,
but there's no need to be so reckless.
As long as we have Madame Kurenai,
our planet's safety is guaranteed.
Huh?
[Rebecca] Safe?
What about them?
They're dead…
And yet everyone is cheering.
[Drakken Joe] Satellite Blaze.
It monitors everyone on the planet
and if they act up, then they're killed.
It's a terrifying weapon
and it never disappoints.
I prefer to see it
as divine punishment from above.
[Drakken Joe] Then you view
your murders as noble?
My job is to protect the citizens.
If death is required, so be it.
That's rich.
In any case, I need you
to help me locate something
using your divine punishment machine.
[Kurenai] Is that right?
Heard of the Edens Zero?
Help me and we'll be filthy rich
when we find it.
[suspenseful music playing]
So you've finally arrived at Sun Jewel,
Homura.
What are your orders, Lady Valkyrie?
[dark music playing]
[grunts]
[crowd murmurs]
[punisher 1] Worry not. Madame Kurenai
has sentenced these criminals to death.
[punisher 2]
Divine punishment has been served.
[cheering]
[grunts]
Just who do you think you are?
[punisher 1] We are Punishers and follow
orders from Madame Kurenai herself.
[punisher 2] And as such,
we punish evil and protect the innocent
Oh I get it, you are like the police.
Nearby androids detected.
[Rebecca grunts]
[Rebecca] Last time I checked,
good guys don't just execute people.
[punisher 1] While the criminals who
robbed the casino have been eradicated,
we must now decide the punishment
of the associate criminals.
Who?
[punisher 2]
We're referring to the likes of you.
[Homura] What?
[punisher 2] Violence of any kind
is strictly prohibited
within the Gold Palace,
no matter what the reason may be.
Come on, we were being robbed!
It was self-defense.
Do you mean to say
fighting off a robbery is a crime?
[punisher 2] Violence is a crime,
regardless of the reason.
[punisher 1] Therefore, we have deemed
you two associate criminals.
[gasp]
[both grunt]
-[Shiki] It's that light from before!
-Too bright!
[punishers] We sentence you
to 100,000 Metals.
Screw you!
[yelling]
No use! The light is following both of us!
Homura!
Master!
[dramatic music playing]
[loud rumble]
[Rebecca] Shiki! Homura!
[gasping]
[crying] Oh no!
[poignant music playing]
["" by Sayuri playing]
STONES